It seems so long ago: the time when you had a normal life. You were a child, 
you had a father and mother, just like everyone else. You were happy in your village, 
and you could not wait to become big and start a family of your own.

It all changed one cold morning, a day crueler because of the chill in the air and the 
bitter flurries of snow that threatened the harbors with the harshness of winter frost. 
But it was the end of more than warmth: pirates, unknown raiders on the sea, appeared 
on the horizon, inevitable, menacing. The men of the village gathered for defense, 
but it was not enough. 

The village fell, your parents were killed, and you were captured as a slave.

As fate would have it, revenge came swiftly for you - your captors made the poor decision 
to stray too close to a fierce naval battle, and a hidden Lacedaemonian ship, rushing 
to aid its compatriots and suspecting the pirates of Athenian treachery, 
smashed your floating prison to splinters, sending every man and slave in all directions 
to meet his fate in the sea. Beloved of Poseidon, you washed up on the Attic shore and, 
after a quick but sincere prayer, quickly made your way to the region's troubled metropolis: Athens.

It has been 10 years. You are no longer a boy - a beard is forming itself on your anguished cheeks. 
But you cannot be citizen. Slinking in the shadows, in the outskirts and fields, like a wandering dog, 
you have made your living by taking what is not yours. You cannot believe anything could be yours again anyway, 
so why make the effort to attain all the heraldry and pomp of citizenship? You view it all as vanity and emptiness.

You are good at your shadowy trade. You learned quickly that you are swift like Hermes and
more attentive than your prey. You spend your time in the alleyways around the agora, 
picking off a coin here and a coin there - you don't need much, so a working day is not long for you. 
You would just as soon pay for a loaf of bread and some wine and lie in the fields - a far better life
than to toil for riches and fame you know you are not fated for..