You grab the jewels and dash for the window. You leap with all your might onto the longest branch 
of the tree and use it to launch yourself on top of the outer wall of Eumisthyon's compound. 
Using the stolen distaffs as grips, you slowly make your way to the street. 
You run faster than fleet-footed Hermes to one of your hideouts by the city wall. 
You wait for dawn in tense vigilance, not even daring to remove the bag from beneath your clothing.

The next day, you make it out to the agora and wait by the cross-alley.
"Well?" says an impatient voice, hissing from the darkness behind you. 
Glancing nonchalantly at the wall in front of you, you slip your hand underneath your cloak, 
remove the pouch and hand it over.

"Very well done," says the voice. "Good work, my young friend. Here is your reward."
He thrusts a small bag of coins in your direction, which you snatch and hide away immediately.

You can hear the man fumbling with the bag and removing an item. 
"Tell me, young one: did you see what kind of treasure Eumisthyon has been storing? 
Did you take a look in this bag that is now yours once again?"

"Yes," the voice continues, without a reply, "I said: once again. Behold!"
A fist is thrust forward, when it opens you see - 
your mother's wedding pendant!

Anger, fear and sadness tear at your breast. You turn around and look at your employer for the first time. 
He is tall and strong, with a wiry beard of gray emerging from the brown hood that covers most of his face.

"That is right. Those pirates did not come of their own design. 
They were mercenaries, hired by the darkest criminal Athens has ever seen - 
whose greed is matched only by the somber god below."

He tosses the bag to the ground.
"Take the jewels, as promised. Leave if you wish. But I know you won't. 
Join me, my friend. Come and let us work to tear apart this man who has ruined both of us."

He offers an arm as salutation. You grip it.
"Call me Anax. Today was a test. But I know you are strong. I know that you will help me to track Eumisthyon... and destroy him!" 