One busy day at the Agora, as you make your way into a dark passage between buildings, 
a voice from a dark cross-alley calls out: "Wait, thief, and listen."  
You do not answer; you simply wait for it to get to the point.

"Greetings, young thief. I know who you are. You do not know me, but I know all about you. 
I know the pirates that killed your parents." Despite your careful reserve, 
you show the slightest emotion by raising an eyebrow at this man's knowledge of your past. 
"Never mind the past, though," the voice continues. "I know you are just an average thief, 
and you wish to make money. Very well. I have a job for you, and I know you will take it."

"Eumisthyon, the nouveau-riche thug who lives just south of the Acropolis, will be attending 
a Symposium on the other side of the city tonight. I have a vested interest in this man's misfortune, 
and I would like you to aid me by stealing the contents of his private horde. He is a greedy man, 
and he keeps his ill-gotten jewels hidden under a board beneath his wedding bed. He believes they 
are safe there; well, I and now you know the truth. I would like you to steal his little treasure. 
You may keep it. As I said, I am interested in the man's misfortune - not his fortune. And, if you 
give me evidence that you have done the task, I will double your earnings. Return here at the same 
time tomorrow for payment."

He gives you explicit directions to Eumisthyon's house and tells you when to arrive.

"Themo, the slave-girl, will be waiting for you at the door. Give her this for your entry." 
You open your palm, and a shadowy hand emerges from the cross-alley to drop a small stack of coins into it. 
You quickly stash them in your mouth.

"Good luck, my boy. May Hermes grant you quick, soft footsteps." After a quiet rustling of robes, 
the voice and the man are gone.

You buy your bread and wine and head for the meadows outside the city gates for another quiet afternoon, 
resting for a long work night ahead of you...