Alley
You arrive in the alleyway beside Eumisthyon's house, just as your mysterious employer instructed. It is the darkest time of night, when the meek are asleep and the extravagant are fully absorbed by their shared company and the joyful toxins of Dionysus. It is quiet in this neighborhood. There is a wooden door in the tall wall of the house.
Store_Room
You carefully shut the alley door as you enter Eumisthyon's store room. It is completely dark, save for a small sliver of light coming through the doorway. Themo has left the door slightly ajar. You can make out the outlines of racks and racks of amphora in the space around you. The room smells sharply of olives.
Andronitis
Gentle starlight lights the broad Andronitis. There is no hiding it: you are exposed on all sides as long as you remain here. You count seven rooms lining the sides of the court, counting the porter's chamber on the wall closest to the street. A pale statue of Zeus Herkeios stands erect in the center. Is it watching you? Behind him, a small flight of steps leads to the open Andron.
Andron
You enter Eumisthyon's lavish Andron. Though it is night, the open windows of the room allow enough light for you to see the intricate mosaics on the floor: ships, octopodes, dolphins and fish in tiles of azure and sea-green. Lush couches line the room, with several tables and trays for food scattered about. A small, ornate brazier - an altar for Hestia, sits in one corner. There is a small door to your right as you enter and a large ornate door in front of you.
Gynaeconitis
The quiet courtyard of the gynaeconitis is smaller and simpler than its male counterpart. There are three doors on the west side - probably quarters for the female slaves. The top of a narrow wooden stairway to the north is a door leading to the second-floor bedrooms. Next to the door up there you see a large window with open shutters - no doubt the Thalamos where the treasure is hidden. Below, beginning behind the stairway and going clockwise, you see: an open door leading to the workroom; a narrow passageway blocked by a painted door; a small squat doorway leading to the bathroom; and the entrance to the kitchen. To the south, facing the doorway, is the ornate door leading to the andron.
Kitchen
It is a simple kitchen. A small stove stands in the center. Surrounding it are stacks of dishes and small, low tables for preparing food. A wide open doorway leads out into the gynaeconitis and a small door leads back into the andron.
Work_Room
Two large looms give this room an impressive air; Eumisthyon must put a lot of care into his clothing. Piles of wool and yarn, rows of distaffs and spindles and other work implements are carefully arranged on work tables or in chests.
Bathroom
A small but elegant washroom with a tub, fit for a wealthy man's wife. There is a spot of light toward the floor.
Garden
The garden is small but lush with decadent plants: palms, fig trees and various small shrubs. A tall, straight tree stands close to the wall of the house. There is a dog chained to the tree. She is looking at you and blocking your path.
Thalamos
Eumisthyon's wife is asleep on a large bed with a vast mattress, raised above the floor to the height of your own waist. There is a chest on either side of the bed, and a doorway leads into the women's chambers.